Mom, this is not my fault.
Didn't you hear what Mr. Yang said just now?
I was rewarded because of my precious son.
Let me see.
Today's greatest hero is Aotian
Son, you have given your father face today
You are awesome, mom and dad
Well, you used to shelter me from the wind and rain
From now on, I will be your solid backing
A son is a mother's pride
Do you see it?
My son is handsome, sensible and capable.
Where are you ugly and ignorant
The lowly poor students can force it
Pretend to be some big shot for me here
Hmph, it turns off your appetite when you see it.
Dragon begets dragon and phoenix begets phoenix
Rats make holes.
lose money
Hey, you are doomed to be a waste in your life
Wimp even if I am a wimp wimp
More selfish than your family
hold high and mine low
It's good to see different thoughts
Shut up
Even now, you're still giving me excuses
Nonsense
You are just mud and can't support the wall
You still want to be a champion
I see you dream
I said so much
Why don't you believe me yet?
You are more than I am the biological daughter you conceived in October
He is just your disciple
Why would you rather believe him?
I don't want to believe my own daughter
What about biological?
What about non-biological ones?
He can win the championship and get 200 million order for me
3 good gifts
Even if he's not my biological son
I still love him as my own son
And you look ugly
Dirty mind
Even if you have my blood on you
I don't want to blame you, my daughter.
You will never give birth
You don't have your daughter